			 Quotes & Thoughts
			""""""""""""""""""

	"	Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.

	"	When you really desires something,all the universe
		conspires to help you realize your dream.

	"       You are never really playing an opponent. 
		You are playing yourself,
		your own highest standards,
		and when you reach your limits,
		that is real joy. -Arthur Ashe.


	"	Anbe Sivam.
		(Love is God)

	"	Awake,Arise and Stop not till the goal is reached.
		
	"	You can.
		
	"	First they laugh at you
		Then  they criticize you
		Then  they fight with you
		Then you win.
		
	"	Always think about consequences of failure 
		you won't fail.
		
	"	Prefer Hardfought defeat 
		than an easy victory.

	"	Be human.Be rational.


	"	A better way to make your dreams 
		to come true is to...
		....wake up.

	"	Do not say 'yes' 
		when you want to say 'no'.

	"	Success is a journey, not a destination
		So stop running.start living.

	"	We must not cease from exploration and the
		end of all our exploring will be to arrive
		where we began and to know the place for the
		first time.	-Einstein

	"	When the going gets tough 
		only the tough gets going. 

	"	Failures:
		It doesn't seem to matter
		and it doesn't seem.



	"	The significant problems we face can't be solved
		at the same level of thinking we were at when
		we created them.

	"	The way we see the problem is the problem.

	"	One thing only i know and that is 
		that i know nothing.-Scorates
	
	"	I'm just one evening away from glory.
	
	"	Hope is the last to die.
	
	"	Believe nothing,merely because you have been told it or
		because it's traditional or because you yourselves have 
		imagined it.Don't believe what your teacher tells you 
		merely out of respect.But whatever after due consideration
		and analysis you find to be conducive to the good,the benefit,
		the welfare of ALL BEINGS,that doctrine,believe and cling to 
		and take it as your guide.-Buddha
	

	" 	Winners are too determined 
		to be defeated.
		
	"	On Year 2000, School Text book ,
		'Millions of people died beacuse of a disease called plague'
		
		On 2100, School Text book,	
		'Millions and Millions of people died because of
		 a disease called death.'	
		 
	"	Democracy:Nothing but an employment opportunity for few politicians.
	
	"	None is second to you
		you second to none.
		
	" 	Humans afraid of things that he doesn't know.
	
	"	Get rid of God concept,not by proving drawins theory 
		but by putting an end to a disease called death.
		
	"	I might disagree with what you have to say, but I'll defend 
		your right to say it to the death. -Voltaire. 
		
	"	Truth and Non violence	- M.K. Gandhiji.
	
	"	Thaanni oru manithannuku unna villai annil
		eitha jagathini alithiduom - Bharathiyar
		(If someone starves,let's destory this  world.)
		
	"	Just because you made a mistake doesn't mean 
		you are a mistake.

	"	Ever tried.Ever failed.No matter.Try again.
		Fail again.Fail better.
	
	"	I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled.
		Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value.
		Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.

	" 	Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
	
		
		
"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	
		
		
	
		

		
		
